I wonder if everyone
It's this Mac, it's a cosmetic Mac.
It's delicious it is a little difficult to understand or so mac
But something that supports the blackness
Everyone-you know so pickles
What is it today
Let's try making Mac's new menu Peaks Burger
Well then fast forward please
Got on the waves
It had become
Hmm
Stand and pop
Ten
The
Nun
Hmm
Yeah yeah yeah
Got infected
this
A day of cruz that spans four faults
Maybe a second and half a million
how is it
big les burger
Jetter delicious and I think you'll This
If you're good, I'm sure you're using the mac
I think that I want to have a quick look at new products and new products
Well there is
Let's go separately
This in itself is first I thought it was than this amazing salty Barrier
Not shame
This would be mon it is written, it was tension Tsu moderate rain village car
It was not shame because I heard this, so it was good
Oh
Ike Masu I this Kurena Offer
Naa come cm
Why
Pickles Burger was the correct answer I first got it wrong but I failed
Oh, this is the correct answer
Please try by all means be doing everyone's
Please check the channel registration high
After eating
I'm getting sick